The longer I work on this thing the more things I think about, and the more work that comes out of it, and the more I realize coding sucks and leads you down a rabbit hole of timesucking hell.

ANYHOW, before I work anymore on this, I have stuff to say and then a bunch of questions.

Right now we have a lot of goals, but only a few priorities. Short term, I can definitely get this website up soon. The longer I wait however, the better quality it'll most likely be, in terms of the actual code, the directory structure, and the overall design. Long term, Scott made a good point of emphasizing maintainability (is that a word?) In that spirit I tried to minimize the amount of 3rd party dependencies I used for this. Namely, I only used Foundation 5 to code this, so it should be fairly maintainable. 

My goal is to have 2 working versions of the website. A "template" version, which is basically the website with filler images and text (mostly generated by website I found online), and a "live" version, which is basically the current version of the website. I'm working on the live version right now, but it'll take time, since I need to find and resize photos, while also taking into account their actual file size so load times don't get destructively high. I also need to write the actual content / text for the website, which will take awhile. 

I've been designing, coding, and drawing everything myself. As I said before, I'm not a super good graphic designer, but since the turnaround time on my requests to other people for graphics seems to be like > 2 weeks, I decided to do it all myself. I'll be updating it as I go, and updating the changelog in the README to reflect that.

Right now, this is V 1.0.0, which means I'm anticipating a whole slew of problems and other challenges. That is fine. I can fix things. I need you guys to give me critique, comments, feedback, w/e on what I have. 



@Scott: I haven't made any attempt to account for how this looks on screens of different sizes. I know how to do this, and I plan to, but could you check what it looks like on multiple platforms? Looking over my code and design and other things would be great too, if you know HTML / CSS / SASS.

@Ceci: After I finish my version of the live site, I'll send it to you guys. I need critique on the site design, choice of pictures, picture placement, text, and content. This is a lot of work, but this is a long-term project. Do it once -well-, and it'll last for awhile with only minimal maintinence.  


I have a lot of other work to do, but I'll try my best keep working on this whenever I have any free time. I'm sorry I write a shit ton but it's mostly because a) there is a lot of work left for this b) I write a lot c) cutting it down would take time and ain't nobody got that.

Thanks